-- General --
In order to run the application, you can either download the apk and run it from your android phone or simulate a phone using Android studio.
Below you will find instructions on installing, and running, the application on Windows.

-- Installations Tested --
These steps were tested on a virtualized Windows 10 64 bit machine.

-- Installation Instructions --
1. Go to this URL: https://stackoverflow.com/questions/11318551/creating-a-custom-edittext-with-tag-like-feature .
2. Click "DOWNLOAD ANDROID STUDIO", it is free.
3. You will be prompted to accept the EULA, accept it by checking the checkbox.
4. Click "DOWNLOAD ANDROID STUDIO FOR WINDOWS".
5. Once it has been downloaded, double click on the installer. 
6. You will be prompted to "Run" or "Cancel".
7. Select "Run".
8. Follow through the prompts by clicking next. (IT IS ESSENTIAL YOU SAVE EVERYTHING TO THE MAIN DRIVE AND HAVE NO SPACES IN ANY FOLDER NAMES)
- I recommend just saving it to the C drive itself.
9. After installation is complete, click "Finish." (By default, Android Studio will start right up. If it does not, run it from your Start Menu)
10. Android Studio will prompt to import studio settings. Select "Do not import settings." and click "OK"
11. You will be greeted to the welcome screen.
12. Select "Standard" for the setup type.
13. Select IntelliJ for the UI Theme.
14. When prompted for the SDK Component Setup, select "Android Virtual Device" by selecting the check mark.
- IT IS ESSENTIAL THAT YOU INSTALL THE ANDROID SDK INTO A FOLDER ON THE MAIN DRIVE WITH NO SPACES ANYWHERE IN THE PATH!!!!
15. Click "Next"
16. Click "Finish"
17. Android Studio will now download and install all the components it needs. This process might take a while. 
18. After installing, you will be prompted by the Android Studio Welcome screen. 
19. Download the .zip file provided with all of the files for InterestUp!
20. Extract the zip file to a location of your choice. 
21. On Android Studio, select "Open an existing Android Studio Project" 
22. Navigate to the location you extracted the InterestUp application to, highlight it, and click "OK".
23. Android Studio will now build the project for you.
24. you may be prompted with a "Windows Security Alert", simply select BOTH check boxes, and click "Allow Access".
25. Allow Android Studio to build the project for you (take note on the bottom right hand side, it will say "x processes running")
26. You may see some error messages in the bottom right, we will fix those shortly.
27. Click "Event Log" at the bottom right hand side once it is done attempting to run the application. 
28. You will see "Invalid CSV root Mapping", click on "Configure" 
29. Next, it will open the settings menu and will place you in the "version Control" tab.
30. Highly the application and select "-" on the right. 
31. Click "OK"
(OPTIONAL) If you do not have Intel HAXM installed, download it from: https://github.com/intel/haxm/releases/download/v7.0.0/haxm-windows_v7_0_0.zip
and install it. 
(OPTIONAL) Once you have it downloaded, extract it and double click "intelhaxm-android" and follow the installation prompts
32. In Android Studio, go to "File" -> "Project Structure" -> enter "4.1" into "Gradle version"  and click "OK"
33. In Android Studio, go to "File" -> "Settings" -> "System Settings" -> "Android SDK" -> "SDK Tools" tab -> Check "CMake" and click "OK"
34. At the top bar, go to "run" and then select "run 'app'"
35. It will prompt you asking what Virtual Device you want to use.
36. Select "Nexus 5X API 27 x 86" and click "OK"
37. After it finishes building InterestUp!, you will see an emulated Android screen.
38. Once the application is ready, it will automatically be opened and presented to the user. You may now use the application.
(OPTIONAL) If, you are unable to run the application due to missing packages, simply go to the event log and select to "add" them.


